Lg/nns draft (#309)
dfinity/docs: modules/integration/pages/nns-quick-start.adoc

> = Integrating with the Internet Computer governance system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Integrating with the Internet Computer governance system - The Network Nervous System (NNS)
```

> :proglang: Motoko

Reviewer: lang is Rust, not sure whether thast matters

:platform: Internet Computer platform
:IC: Internet Computer
:company-id: DFINITY
ifdef::env-github,env-browser[:outfilesuffix:.adoc]

[[nns-intro]]
This _{doctitle}_ guide introduces the Internet Computer Network Nervous System (NNS). 

> The Internet Computer Network Nervous System (NNS) is a decentralized, algorithmic governance system that manages network operations for (ICP) subnets and stakeholders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Internet Computer Network Nervous System (NNS) is a decentralized, algorithmic governance system that manages many aspects of the the Internet Computer (operations, economics, etc.) on behalf of its stakeholders.
```

The document includes an overview of the NNS and its key operations and provides a summary of the application programming interface (API) methods that support staking operations for ICP token holders.

> _{doctitle}_ is intended as a high-level overview for organizations and developers who need to understand the terminology and operational management flow for participants in the Internet Computer network who want to have a stake and voting rights by locking some number of ICP tokens for a given period of time.

Reviewer: nit this sentence seems a bit too long

In reviewing this document, keep in mind that additional details about specific components or interfaces might be available in subsequent documents to supplement the overview provided in this document.

> In addition, this overview focuses on how to integrate with the Internet Computer using the link:https://www.rosetta-api.org/docs/welcome.html[Rosetta API]. 

Reviewer: not sure this is true, think we might be skipping rosetta. for now let's keep it out

Other options for integration are possible. 
Information about other integration options and procedures might be available in future documentation.

== Basic terminology to get you started

The Internet Computer is primarily a distributed and decentralized platform for running software. 
When developers write applications that run on the Internet Computer, they deploy their programs in the form of a conceptual computational unit called a **canister**. 
A canister is similar to a “smart contract” in that it consists of both program code and state running, replicated, on a block chain network with security and liveness guarantees.

> == NNS overview

Reviewer: think you can get a lot of these definitions from Dom's doc. I would suggest we stay true to that document as much as possible.

=== Neurons

=== Proposals

=== Voting

> == Integration with the NNS using the Rosetta API

Reviewer: remove rosetta API stuff

The following diagram provides a simplified view of the communication between the Rosetta node and the Internet Computer using the `+dfinity/rosetta-api+` integration software.

image:nns-integration.svg[]

As this diagram suggests ...

=== Basic integration workflow

The following steps summarize the basic operational workflow for .... 

=== How to ... 

This section summarizes the steps for how to 

> === Requirements and limitations

Reviewer: Here I'd mention that this document only covers the minimal API for neuron custody and staking. Participating in governance, including voting, is not in scope.

Author: I'll add this maybe to the intro.
